Previously on
Two and a Half Men...
FedEx just dropped off a box
addressed to Charlie.
Looks like the knife he used to
chase you around the house with.
"I'’m coming home,
and you'’re going to pay."
I'’m telling you,
Charlie'’s alive.
ROSE:
Oh, good.
Then I don'’t have to tell you.
♪ Men, men, men.♪
♪ Men.♪
Charlie is still alive?
Yeah, kinda.
What do you mean, "kinda"?
'’Cause she "kinda" drank when
she was pregnant with me,
and now I "kinda"
can'’t do math.
Hey.
What are you still doing here?
Oh, I accidentally fell asleep
in Zippy'’s room.
How do you accidentally
fall asleep?
You accidentally wash down
your pain pills with scotch.
What'’s Fatal Attraction
doing here?
She says that Charlie
is still alive.
I knew it.
Alan,
if you move out
and Charlie stays here
with Walden,
I believe that we can
keep this going
for another five years.
Yeah, I don'’t think so.
So, uh...
what exactly
happened to Charlie?
Yeah, start from
the beginning.
You mean from the pilot?
No, what happened to my
brother after you married him?
Oh.
Well, we had
a wonderful wedding,
and then we flew to Paris
for our honeymoon.
We were so happy.
So animated.
[both sigh]
[chuckles]
We went up
on the Eiffel Tower...
and went down
on the Champs-EÉlysées.
[zipper unzips, Charlie sighs]
Ooh!
Afterwards,
we celebrated our love
with a romantic
candlelit dinner at the Ritz.
[vacuum cleaner whirring]
[sighs, sniffs]
Of course, I'’ve always known
Charlie was no saint,
but I thought marriage
would change him.
Huh?
I was wrong.
So wrong.
Huh?
Disturbingly wrong.
[bleats]
I ran from the room, determined to never see him again.
[bleating]:
Charlie...
He finally caught up with me
at the train station,
but all I could
think about was...
[train whistle blowing] revenge.
But at the last second,
fate intervened.
So I booked us a cruise home.
[muffled grunting]
We moved into a brand-new house in Sherman Oaks--
the good part,
south of the boulevard--
where we could live
as a happy couple.
WALDEN:
Wait a minute.
You bought a house
with a dungeon?
And a pit?
Of course not.
I had it remodeled.
The permit process
was just a nightmare.
Next time,
use my pit guy.
He'’s the best.
Continue.
ROSE:
For the next four years,
we were the happiest
we'’d ever been.
I'’d feed him...
bathe him...
and, of course,
there was endless
magical lovemaking.
Then, a few days ago,
the unthinkable happened.
Somehow, he managed
to make a rope
out of his bowling shirts
and ran away,
disappearing into the darkness.
[cartoony music playing]
Th-Th-Th-That'’s all, folks.
♪ Men.♪
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men,
men, men ♪
♪ Ah.
♪ Men.
♪ Men.♪Charlie escaped?
Uh, no.
Prisoners escape.
Lovers run away because
they'’re afraid of commitment.
Any-who, I just thought
I should tell you.
You know, in case he drops by
and guts you all like fish.
Why me? He doesn'’t
even know me.
Oh, I told him all about you--
how you'’re richer than him,
prettier than him,
and moved into his house
and carried on
like he never existed.
Thank you.
Hold on, Rose.
If Charlie is alive,
who'’s in the urn?
Oh. That'’s Billy.
Who'’s Billy?
The bisexual goat
who gave his life
that your son might live.
So... so, what are we
supposed to do now?
Wait a second.
Are we really not gonna
talk about the fact
that Charlie was having
sex with a goat?
Well, you didn'’t know Charlie.
It would have been weirder
if he hadn'’t.
Well, now that
you'’re all caught up,
I'’ll say my good-byes.
You'’re leaving?
Yeah. I'’m not gonna
stick around to find out
what he'’s going to do to me just
because I loved him too much.
Toodles.
Nah. That'’s just stupid.
No... no, no, no, no,
this is ridiculous.
He'’s not gonna hurt anybody.
Oh, of course not.
Rose, wait up!
What, you'’re leaving, too?
Alan, your brother
wasn'’t very pleasant
if he missed his morning coffee.
How do you think
he'’s going to be
after four years in a pit?
So you'’re just gonna bail?
Uh... yep.
Berta, good-bye.
I never really cared for you.
Right back at you, Red.
Walden...
I loved you like a son.
Alan...
good luck.
Well, I-I guess
we should go, too.
Hold on!
We'’re not really gonna run
'’cause of some
crazy woman'’s story
and some vague text threats.
[cell phone chimes]
Okay, this one'’s
a little more specific.
What does it say?
"You despicable troll.
"You thought you could
replace my ninja awesomeness,
"you lame clown?
"I will deploy my army of
assassins to destroy you.
"I will bring my
bayonets of truth
"to the hexagon of death,
"where I will carve my initials
into your reptilian skull
and cover you in
tiger'’s blood."
Hard to believe he wrote
children'’s songs, isn'’t it?
Yeah, we'’re gonna
need some help.
Yeah, we'’re gonna need
a lot of help.
Here, try these.
They won'’t keep him
from hurting you,
but they will keep you
from feeling it.
♪ Men.♪
Uh, thank you for
meeting with us
on such short
notice, Lieutenant.
[Austrian accent]:
Anything for you, my friend.
How can I help?
♪ Men.♪
♪ Men.♪So, uh, that'’s about it,
uh, uh, Lieutenant...
Wagner.Uh, Wagner.
No, not Wagner; Wagner.
Uh, W-A-G-N-E-R.
Wagner.
"Vhatever."
All right, now, let me see
if I got this straight.
12 years ago,
your wife kicked you out,
and then you and your dumb son
moved in with your brother.
Uh, uh, he wasn'’t dumb
at the beginning.
Uh, he got dumb later on.
What happened?
Uh, well, turned out
it was funnier.
All right.
So your brother then
let you stay there
eight and a half years
rent-free,
even though you claim
that he never liked you.
Ah. Ah, you'’re not the only one
to point out the illogic.
And this brother of yours
supposedly died in Paris
under mysterious circumstances.
It wasn'’t all that mysterious.
I mean, he was taking
a lot of drugs
and pissed off almost everybody.
And then you tried
to drown yourself,
but you changed your mind
because the water was too cold.
And then you got into his house
and offered to buy it.
It seemed like a good
idea at the time.
And then you let him and his son
stay there for four more years.
Right.
Rent-free.
Well, when you say
it like that,
it sounds ridiculous.
And then your dead brother'’s
previously unknown
lesbian daughter shows up,
and then you let her move in.
[chuckles] You can'’t
write this stuff, huh?
And then the two of you
got married to each other.
Yes.
But you'’re not gay.
Well, I'’m not.
And then you adopted
a black child.
Ah, ah, he'’s, uh...
he'’s more Eurasian.
Uh...
Oh, what a sweetie pie.
And the two of you
are now divorced?
Mmm.But you'’re living together.
If I leave,
the whole thing falls apart.
Yeah, of course.
Uh, and now the woman
who stalked your brother
and then married him
all of a sudden shows up
and she says
that he'’s not dead after all,
that she has been keeping him
in a dungeon pit
in the San Fernando Valley.
Ah, uh, Sherman Oaks.
Uh, but the good part--
uh, south of the boulevard.
And then he escaped,
and he sent you cigars
and whiskey.
Oh, and don'’t forget
the chasin'’ knife.
Oh, and the
threatening text.
He said, uh,
"I'’m coming home,
and you'’re gonna pay."
I'’m confused.
'’Cause you said
he doesn'’t pay for anything.
I think the point is,
is that we need you
to find him becau...
This guy has some
serious rage issues.
Has he tried anger management?
Yeah, but it didn'’t work.
Okay.
Well, I have
this inscription now,
and so if we find him,
I'’ll let you know.
Uh, well...
Thank you.
Uh, really appreciate it.
No problem.
Now, if I can, uh,
offer you a word of advice...
Mm-hmm?
I would consider
wrapping this whole thing up.
Uh, what do you mean?
I mean the whole
living arrangement.
The kids, the girls,
the beach house.
I mean, this whole thing
has been going on way too long.
Yeah, a lot of people
been saying that.
Haters gonna hate.
♪ Men.♪
We should get out of town
for a couple of days.
You know, go to
a nice resort,
uh, get some facials,
mani-pedis.
You know, a
guys'’ weekend.
No... we'’re not going anywhere.
We got a state-of-the-art
security system.
Nobody gets in
unless we let them in.
[both screaming]
What the hell?!
"We got a state-of-the-art
security system.
No one gets in unless
we let them in."
Shut up.No, you shut up.
Hey.
[both scream]
Jake?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God!
[laughing]
Hey!
What are you
doing here?
Yeah, I thought
you were in the Army.
Come on. Look at me.
Do I look like someone
who'’s in the Army?
Not on our side.
Come in.
Hey. These are pretty cool.
Where'’d you get them? Target?
[laughs]
You get it? '’Cause of the...
there'’s the circles...
Yeah, no, no, I got it.
I got it. No.
Here'’s the thing.
It turns out that
your Uncle Charlie
might still be alive.
Oh.
That would explain why
I got a check for $250,000
and a note that said,
"I'’m alive."
You have $250,000?
Not anymore. I stopped in
in Vegas on the way here.
Oh, God. How much
do you have left?
Two and a half million.
[whimpers]
Oh!
You won $2.5 million?
Oh, yeah.
It'’s not that hard.
I kept playing craps
because, you know, "crap."
Oh, and I kept
betting on come, because...
[laughing]
Wow. That'’s... amazing
that you made so much money
with such stupid jokes.
Taterhead!
Hey, Berta.
Oh, look at you!
You look like a grown man.
Really? Which one?
I'’ve missed you.
Berta, what are you
still doing here?
No idea.
By the way, you'’re out of pot.
Where'’d these things come from?
Target?
Ah. Too late.
I already did that joke.Ah...
No, somebody
left them here.
You didn'’t
hear anything?
I heard colors.
No, I-I am telling you,
Charlie is planning
on killing us all.
Okay. It was good
to see you guys.
Wait, th-that'’s it?
You'’re leaving?
Oh, nothing personal--
I just got to get back to Japan
and tell my wife and kids
that we'’re rich.
You'’re...
you'’re married?
Yeah. Didn'’t I mention that?
No.
Wh-Wh-Wh-Whoa.
You have kids?
Well, they'’re hers.
She'’s a dancer.
Uh, let me guess--
a pole dancer?
No, she'’s Japanese.
Well, see you.
All right, all right, we-we
got to close these shades.
Anybody on the beach will
have a clear shot at us.
Right.
Do this...
Man, it sucks to be you guys.
♪ Men.♪
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Judith, it'’s me.
Oh, hey, Alan.
Isn'’t it wonderful about Jake?
Uh, yeah, wonderful.
Listen...
Did he give you $100,000, too?
He gave you $100,000?
No. What do you want?
Uh, uh, okay, long story short--
it turns out my brother is alive
and he'’s out for revenge.
Revenge? For what?
Well, he didn'’t think
I could go on without him.
He thought I was more of
a supporting character
in his life,
but it turns out
I-I was sort of a co-lead.
Um, a-anyway,
I just wanted you to know
that if anything
were to happen to me,
you were the love of my life.
Oh, Alan, that is so sweet.
Hang on, honey.
I'’m getting another call.
She'’s not coming back.
♪ Men.♪
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Bridget, hi.
It'’s Walden.
Hey, Walden. What'’s up?
I can'’t go into detail,
but I just...
I wanted to say that I wish
I'’d been a better husband.
[chuckles softly]
Well, thank you.
And I just want to say that...
I'’m having sex with John Stamos.
I'’m not lying.
Go for Stamos.
Stamos, you'’re just
a handsome guy
who got lucky on a sitcom.
Listen, um, I'’m just gonna
set the phone down
so you can listen to me
shish-kebab your old lady, okay?
Bye-bye.
♪ Men.♪
[photographers clamoring]
[phone ringing]Hold on, fellas.
Hello.
Uh, Kandi, it'’s Alan.
Oh, hi, Alan!
I just wanted you to know that,
even though we were only married
for a short time,
you were the love of my life.
Oh, how sweet.
And you were the first guy
I had tushy sex with.
You guys didn'’t hear that.
♪ Men.♪
[phone ringing]
Hello.
Zoey.
Hi. It'’s Walden.
Oh, Walden.
How are you, darling?
Uh, not so good.
Uh... that'’s why I'’m calling.
I... I just wanted
to tell you that...
I'’ve been thinking
about you lately, and...
I'’m sorry about
the way things ended.
Oh, well...
water under the bridge.
Listen, I'’d love to chat,
but I'’m in the middle
of a coronation.
Of a what?
A coronation.
I married King Rupert
of Moldavia,
and I'’m being
crowned queen, so...
You'’re the queen of Moldavia?
What can I say?
Thank you, JDate.
[sighs] Shalom.
Darling,
you still breathing?
♪ Men.♪
Hello?
Lyndsey, it'’s Alan.
Hi, Alan.
I was just showing off
the beautiful engagement ring
you gave me.
Great. Listen,
I-I just wanted you to know
that if anything
were to happen to me,
you were the love of my life.
Oh, baby.
You'’re the love of my life.
[quietly]:
So, how much?
♪ Men.♪
Okay, I will say
it one more time.
Resort hotel
till the cops find him.
We can be in Vegas in two hours.
Styx is playing Mandalay Bay.
No, if I let Charlie
drive me out of this house,
I reward his bad behavior.
Yeah. That'’s only supposed
to happen in show business.
Which we are not in.
Not anymore.
[cell phone ringing]
Oh. Hello?
Walden?Walden.
That'’s what I said.
Look, I have good news.
We found your boy.
They found Charlie.
Are-are they sure?
Uh, uh, are...
are you sure it'’s him?
Well, he matches
the description.
Bowling shirt, cargo shorts,
and he'’s babbling away
incoherently.
That sounds like him.
Wh-Where'’d you find him?
In a trashed hotel room
with a hooker in the closet.
That'’s absolutely him.
Oh, my...
Thank you so much.
This is a huge relief.
Oh, you'’re welcome.
Uh, see you in the gym.
Okay. Hasta la vista.
I'’m telling you,
I'’m not Charlie Harper.
Then who are you?
My name is Christian Slater.
I'’m an actor, all right?
I was in a bar, and this guy
hands me a drink.
Next thing I know,
I wake up in a hotel room
dressed like a 12-year-old,
with a screaming woman
in the closet.
Yeah, right.
And I'’m the governor
of California.
That bitch stole my watch!
♪ Men.♪
What do you think
Charlie will do
when he gets out
of jail?
Well, if the past
is any indication,
he'’ll sober up and reflect
on his past mistakes,
apologize to everyone,
and then do something
even worse.
See, I'’m not so pessimistic.
I'’m hoping someday
he and I can be buddies.
[all laughing]
Good one.
By the way,
when this cigar is done,
so am I.
Yeah, you calling it a day?
Calling it a career.You'’re quitting?
I didn'’t want to rub
your nose in it,
but Charlie sent me
a big-ass check,
so I'’m out of here.
Where you gonna go?
Don'’t know.
Somewhere the sun is bright,
the pot is strong
and the men are stupid.
That'’s here.
You'’re right.
I'’m staying.
[helicopter approaching]
Wow.
Look at that.
Someone'’s having a piano
delivered by helicopter.
Mmm. That'’s the kind of
extravagant thing
Charlie would do.
Oh, uh, he had a baby grand
just like that.
It'’s coming right this way.
You don'’t think
that it'’s possible
that the cops got
the wrong guy, do you?
Nah.
[doorbell rings]
[helicopter whirring overhead]
Winning.
♪ Men, men, men.♪